This calibration package performs TPC electronics calibration using
reconstructed 83Kr decays. The input data for this package is the ROOT
file output of the calibration module
src/Modules/Calibration/TPCKrCalibrationMN, which creates a TTree of
reconstructe cluster properties (pad, timebin, total charge,
etc). This module must follow
src/Modules/Reconstruction/TPCClusterFinerAL, the 2D clusterizer.

The output data of this package is a formatted XML file containing one
gain measurement for each TPC electronics channel, QA plots displaying
the reconstructed decay spectra and calculated pad gains, and a ROOT
file containing each channel's collected decay spectra and the fit
quantity entering into the gain calculaion.


To run on a list of input ROOT files, enter 'make' and then enter

./KryptonAnalyzer -o [output file prefix] -i [list of files]


This can be used with shell commands listing files in a directory:

./KryptonAnalyzer -o [output file prefix] -i `ls /path/to/input/files/*.root`


Edit cluster cuts in the file Config.txt. Supply a different config
file with the optional flag '-c / --config'.


When the calibration is finished, re-run the reconstruction using the
pad-by-pad gains and analyze the output. If the analysis was performed
correctly, the newly-calculated pad gains should be 1 +/- the
calibration resolution, which is typically less than 1%.


To run the analysis on HTCondor (recommended for more than 1000 input
files), run the script runKryptonAnalyzerOnCondor.sh with the
following input arguments:

./runKryptonAnalyzerOnCondor.sh [Output Prefix] [Directory Containing Krypton.root Files]

This will submit one Condor job to perform the analysis. This job may
run for up to 48 hours, at which point the output files will be
transferred to the directory from which the command was originally
submitted.

The script will take all files matching *$kryptonFileMatchPattern,
which is by default set to 'krCalibration.root' (the default suffix of
TPCKrCalibrationMN files).

Enjoy!
-Brant Rumberger, 2022